<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<!--  This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project. See the accompanying LICENSE file for applicable license.  -->

<topic id="dita-otprojecthome" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>DITA Open Toolkit <keyword keyref="release"/></title>
  <shortdesc><term>DITA Open Toolkit</term>, or <term>DITA-OT</term> for short, is a set of Java-based, open-source
    tools that provide processing for content authored in the <term>Darwin Information Typing
    Architecture</term>.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>OASIS</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>

    <note>While the DITA standard is owned and developed by OASIS, the DITA Open Toolkit project is governed separately.
      DITA-OT is an independent, open-source implementation of the DITA standard TODO.</note>

    <section>
      <title>DITA-OT documentation</title>
      <p>The DITA Open Toolkit documentation provides information about installing, running, configuring and extending
        the toolkit NOTE.</p>
      <ul>
        <li>See the <xref keyref="release-notes"/> for information on the changes in the current release.</li>
        <li>
          <xref keyref="installing-client"/> shows how to install the toolkit and run a build to verify the
          installation.</li>
        <li><xref keyref="alternative-input-formats"/> introduces the new input formats supported in DITA-OT³.</li>
        <li><xref keyref="building-output"/> provides information about transforming content, and the
          available output formats.</li>
        <li><xref keyref="parameters"/> explains how to adjust the behavior of DITA Open Toolkit via
            <cmdname>dita</cmdname> command arguments and options, DITA-OT parameter settings, and configuration
          properties.</li>
        <li><xref keyref="customizing"/> provides more advanced information on extending DITA-OT. <xref
            keyref="html-customization"/> and <xref keyref="pdf-customization"/> describe some of the most common
          customization scenarios. More advanced solutions are described in <xref keyref="custom-plugins"/>.</li>
        <li>The <xref keyref="troubleshooting-overview"/> section contains information about resolving problems that you
          might encounter.</li>
        <li><xref keyref="reference"/> topics provide additional information about the DITA-OT architecture, API and
          specification support, and other <xref keyref="dita-and-dita-ot-resources"/>.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
